demonstration of the compost and dirt
sifter all this is now quarter-inch -
this is our life particle it is got the
quarter inch screen on it now we can
change that out for an eighth inch
screen and screen even finer down to 1/8
inch - you basically have a connecting
rod here geometry of that is just such
that when it rotates move the tray back
and forth we have a slight gear
reduction I don't know what exactly I'm
guessing about 2 to 1 gear reduction
that's probably about a two and a half
from the 3 inch diameter and on the
motor end we're using about a inch and a
half maybe and the whole tray rides back
and forth on four little Castor's so
that is the homemade sifter and
classifier it works great thanks for
watching